Added graphs to metrics exemplar example and some nits. (#4184)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: docs/metrics/exemplars/README.md

dotnet run
```

> The above command would start the application at port 5000. Navigate to

Reviewer: Maybe something like "Now the application is running, navigate to ... (the actual URL)"

Author: https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/4195

Collector, which export metrics and traces to Prometheus and Tempo
respectively.

> Please wait for 1-2 minute(s) before continuing so that enough data is generated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please wait for 2 minutes before continuing so that enough data is generated
```
